whats up guys its boy clown love 20
bringing you my part 1 of remembering
911 i'm building the World Trade Centers
I just finished the first tower it's
taking me a long time it's actually not
a hundred percent done I just want to
throw this up real quick because I've
woke up about one o'clock today 1pm and
pretty much jumped on minecraft I I
don't know I had the itch today I was
like I really want to build the world
trade centers in remembrance of 911 I
still need to build the roof for this
but I can't like if you really look at
like two thousand one like that was
crazy I can't believe it's been 11 years
time goes by so quick so it's crazy when
on 911 i think i would i think i was in
sixth grade I remember being in school
cuz school just started and that's crazy
11 years ago like you know now I'm done
with school and everything so it's crazy
to look back at like really think where
were you guys on sep tember 11th but
like I said I've just built the first
tower I have some ideas that i can
improve this cuz it didn't come out a
hundred percent the way I wanted it to
so so if you guys actually have any
suggestions that kid like help me out
make this look better please leave a
comment let me know now I gladly take it
into consideration to you know improve
the tower so you have to also can say
I'm playing this on xbox so I don't have
you know everything that you guys can do
on the pc but like i said i'm not going
to be able to read jump on minecraft
till about 8pm so look for my video to
be up probably about 11 to 12 am the
seas
time but anyways that's one throws up
real quick to spin your boy clown love
20 peace out